I screen printed this design using my
secret formula and I'm going to show you
exactly how I did it but you got to keep
it a secret and just know that
everything that you're going to see in
this video is for educational purpose
only now let the party begin all right
here's one of my secrets I don't have
huge graphic designer skills my focus is
mostly on screen printing but when I
have a multicolor design like this this
is what I do and pay close attention to
this because this is very important get
a little closer I hire a professional a
graphic designer somebody that does this
every day because they already know what
to do especially if they have screen
printing experience so that saves a lot
of time and a lot of headache and this
is what you let them know the first
thing is that you need color separation
after that you send them the size
dimension then you let them know how
many colors you want on that design for
example if that design has 10 colors a
great designer will help you convert
that 10 colors into five and here's the
beautiful thing sometimes you would even
notice the difference and the last thing
that I let them know is a color garment
that I'm printing on because sometimes
you could use the color of the T-shirt
to blend with the design it saves money
and a lot of time but you guys will see
when I start printing after you send all
of that this is what you receive if you
can see every color is separated
everything has registration marks and
every color has a label it's labeled so
all you have to do is just print but
wait a second if you can see this design
right here this color it has a lot of
gradients so to print something like
this you're going to need a rib software
and the rib softare that I use is called
print fat the rip software will help you
convert those gradients into half tones
but we'll talk about that in another
video because that's a whole another
topic one last thing if you hit the like
button the information to my graphic
designer will appear on the bio I'm just
kidding it's already there but it does
motivate me to keep pushing content just
saying just
[Music]
saying I've been talking to Santa and he
told me
that you want this year
I okay so I quoted my screens yesterday
and I let them dry overnight and as you
can see I don't have a fancy setup and I
don't mind getting dirty I co my screens
two times in the back and one time in
the front just in case if you're curious
so when it comes to burning your design
into a screen you want to make sure that
you burn the same design the same way on
all screen and there's no magic trick to
this it's really simple you grab a
tsquare ruler you could also use a tape
measure but a t-square ruler just makes
everything so much easier it's going to
help you align the film to the screen I
focus on my registration Mark especially
the center one I start 3 and 1/2 in from
the top of the frame and if I want to
Center the design I go 10 in from the
side of the frame because my screens are
24 * 20 in and I repeat the same process
to the rest he must checked it
tce toe stamping I'll pour it on
Christmas morning everything on your
lips it's waiting if you go looking for
it I know you'll adore it your favorite
gift you can find me under the
tree I'll be waiting on Christmas
Eve baby r me I'm me I'm me you know
where I'll be where I'll be right under
while my screens are drying let me tell
you a quick story two years ago I was
selling copyrighted merchandise and I
got caught nothing happened to me but
they did scare me the company sent me an
email that they were going to sue me
they tried to close my PayPal account
they went to my Instagram and flaged
like 10 of my videos so my videos were
taken down long story short they scared
me and I deserve everything for being so
ignorant but now I have learned from for
my mistake and if I want to create an
anime design I just go to kdo because
they have so many anime templates that
you could grab and recreate to fit your
style and if there's nothing that I like
then I could just go and recreate one
from scratch they have so many fonts
shapes icons textures images that you
could use to create one but if you don't
want to go through all that work there's
an even easier way to create a design
they have this AI to where you could
easily type something that you have in
mind and by a click of a button you have
have it designed in seconds here's a
beautiful thing anything that you create
in that website you could use it for
personal use or commercial use yes
everything is legal and I'm going to add
the link in the bio so you guys can go
try that website for free once again KD
thank you for sponsoring this video now
let's get back to work so my screens are
ready to go but before we register
anything if you guys want to know more
about the incident please let me know in
the comments I wouldn't mind doing a
video so you guys can know what not to
do and I have showed you guys this
technique a couple times but I'm going
to do it again all right so I start by
lining up the registrations on my film
to the lines on the platet I start four
fingers from the top from the edge of
the of the platin to the top of the
design just so when I register my
t-shirt it will fall perfectly in there
you see register to the lines make sure
everything's nice and centered and you
want to make sure that this is nice and
taped down that this doesn't move at all
because we're going to be touching it a
lot so as long as it's nice and solid
then we're ready to go and this is how I
register my screens all the registration
marks on the screen get registered to
the registration marks on the film as
you can see right here all of these have
registration marks all of these have
registration marks that's how they all
fall in the same place all the time I
always start by registering the center
ones first and then the rest fall in
place little by little now you're
probably thinking which screen should I
start with first you always want to
start with the base that's for sure
after that there's two ways to go at it
you can start from the lightest color to
the darkest or you can start from the
smallest design to the biggest but
things always change because every
design is different but that's just my
standard guys remember you want to make
sure that you have a good off contact I
like to be between 116 off an inch to
1/8 of an inch depending on the Garment
that I'm working with here's another tip
whenever you tin up your screen you want
to go
zag zag because there's times where you
tighten it up too much in this side and
the screen kind of moves so you want to
go zag zag just so the screen won't move
you want to do little by little take
your time don't rush we're finally done
but I got to go drop off some packages
to UPS so we'll probably be back
tomorrow or later on tonight it's
looking more like tomorrow so I'll see
you guys tomorrow top of the morning
mate we're back so we're going to do
another test run and then after that
we're going to add ink and we're going
to do another test to make sure
everything's register correctly and I'm
sorry if I sound a bit congested I've
been sick this whole week but bear with
me guys bear with me let's get to
work I've been talking to Santa and he
told me everything that you want this
year I went shopping and planed ribbons
and candles I got it all right here
thisle toe and champagne I'll pour on
Christmas morning everything on your
list it's waiting if you go
looking and this is the second way that
I test my setup I'll grab and I print
over the tape if something's misprinted
I'll clean it up and I'll readjust the
screen if everything's aligned correctly
then then I'll move to the next color
and like that and so
on look at how easy it is and I finished
the setup with a third test printing on
the t-shirt that I was uh running my
test on just to make sure that
everything is adjusted correctly
everything is registered correctly and
this is my way to do it whether it takes
a lot longer or a lot shorter it works
for me a lot of people say oh putting
tape takes a long time I'm going to be
very honest it takes no longer than 3
minutes to add the tape and no longer
than 10 seconds to remove it so it's
really not a big difference to be honest
this is my technique is this the best
probably not but it still works
guaranteed now let's start
prin everything on your list it's
waiting if you go looking for it I know
you'll adore it your favorite
gift the you can find me under the
tree I'll be waiting on Christmas
Eve baby me
me you know where I'll be where I'll be
right under the
tree and that's the way the cookie
crumbles now if you can notice the black
of the T-shirt helped us create the
design with the outline outline of the
design with the shades the skin color
the gray
the red even the hair up here you can
see the little eyes
everything overall I feel like the print
came out pretty nice pretty nice and
crispy but what do you guys think let me
know in the comments I'm very curious
this was a fun project I've been sick
all this week and I had two choices lay
in bed and relax or do a fun educational
video and you guys already know what I
chose but I've been doing this in my
spare time it's a great way for me to
practice my craft to get better at what
I do cuz I I do want to perfect perfect
my prince I still have a lot to learn
and a lot to grow so this is something
that helps me all the time and I hope
that you guys learn anything from this
video once again guys thank you so much
for the love and the support and Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas it's a
beautiful holiday because the king is
born but Jesus wasn't born on Christmas
I know that but just the fact that he
was born that a king is is born that the
Living Word of God became flesh and came
and dwelt with us and through his blood
we are saved he's Our Redeemer he is the
door it it means the world it means the
world and I hope that one day you guys
will get to know Jesus like I do and you
guys will get to love him like I do and
I hope that he reveals himself to you
guys cuz um it is a blessing to be in a
privilege to be able to to read and
understand the Living Word of God one
once again guys thank you so much for
the love and support have a beautiful
day enjoy it with your family and God
bless you all